[You can find a plain text version of the text in this file on
the web at: http://web.cecs.pdx.edu/~mpj/cs321/lexer-sample.txt]

This is a test file that includes a number of date references.
It is provided for you in support of a homework assignment that
is due on February 2, 2016.  If you are reading this on the
web at http://web.cecs.pdx.edu/~mpj/cs321/lexer-sample.html,
then you should have noticed how that date was highlighted; in
any case, there are plenty more highlights in the rest of this
file!

A lot of people use a calendar that starts on Jan 1.  As you
know, there are common abbreviations for months such as Feb,
Mar, and Apr for people who don't like to use the full names of
February, March, and April.  And although it's not technically
correct to do so (because they are proper nouns) some people
don't capitalize the first letter in the name of a month (and
we'll assume that all other letters in month names are written
in lower case).  There are also times when people write the day
of the month before the name of the month, and other times when
they write the month first.  As such, you might also see the
first day of the calendar written as january 1, jan 1, 1 Jan, 1
January, and so on.  Most people would recognize each of these
as a valid date, so I hope that your programs will too!  Notice
that one of these examples had a line break in the middle, but
it is still recognizable as a date, and hence should still be
highlighted.

Although we're not requiring that each of the dates that we
recognize includes a year component, there's certainly no reason
not to highlight year information too when it is provided.
Sometimes people like to separate the month and day information
from the year with a comma, as in 20 July, 1969 (which you might
recognize as the date of the first moon landing), but it is also
common to see it written without as 20 July 1969.  For current
purposes, we'll only worry about years between 1500 and 2500.
As such, we might debate whether the next millenium begins on
Jan 1, 3000, or on 1 january 3001, but only the first part of
each of these dates will be highlighted.  (On the other hand,
both Jan 1, 2000 and 1 january 2001 will be highlighted in full
because their associated years are in the range that we
recognize.) (You can find out more about the Millenium debate at
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millenium.)

Dates are also commonly written in a more compact form with
(short) sequences of numbers separated by slashes, sometimes
including a year, but sometimes not.  For instance, Most people
would consider 10/10/10 to be a valid date, in addition to
examples like 10/10/2010, 1/1/12, or even 9/30.  But few of us
are likely to mistake 123/12, or even 99/33 for a date because
some of the numbers in these examples are out of range.  Of
course, something like 10/10/10/10 contains substrings that look
like a date, but clearly should not be treated as date itself
because it has too many parts to it.  It is also worth noting
that single digit numbers are commonly used for the month and
day numbers when dates are written in this way, although it is
also quite common to see them padded with leading zeros so that
the month and day fields are exactly two characters wide.  For
example, we can expect that the following examples will all be
highlighted: 1/1, 01/01, 12/01, and 02/14.  When years are
included, however, they are usually either abbreviated to the
last two digits (as in 1/20/16, which is a short notation for
January 20, 2016) or written with all four digits, as in
1/20/2016.

Different months have different numbers of days in them, and you
should be sensitive to that.  You can assume that February 29 is
always a valid date (i.e., you're not expected to worry about
leap years), but April, June, September, and November only have
30 days in them, so you would want to highlight June 30 but not
June 31.  All of the other months, of course, have 31 days in
them, so 31 dec is good, but January 32 and March 0 are not.
There are different conventions in different parts of
the world about whether the month or day number should come
first in a date like 6/23.  We will require the US ordering
here, which places the month first, before the day, and hence
we will not consider 23/6 to be a valid date.  Of course there
are dates like 1/7/10 that might be interpreted differently
in the US (as January 7) or the UK (as July 1); this ambiguity
can be a problem for readers, but our highlighting program
isn't able to help with that!

For the purposes of this exercise, we'll assume that dates
reference specific combinations, at least, of a month and a day
within that month.  As such, phrases like "Monday", "next
Thursday", or "in April" should not be considered as dates.  Nor
should you feel any need to highlight the names of days that
appear next to a date, as in a phrase like "Monday, June 3"; the
"June 3" portion should be highlighted here, but not the
"Monday, " section.  I'm not sure what "Bunov 21" or "remar 6"
might be, but it's clear that neither of them are dates, so
neither should be marked a such (even though "nov 21" and
"mar 6", which appear as substrings in these examples, are
clearly recognizable as dates and will be highlighted).

In the interests of providing a few more examples, I hope you'll
forgive me for writing a little nonsense to end this file.  I'll
mention, for example, that March 22 is my favorite day, second
only to 29 April.  (I know that last sentence doesn't make
sense, but it was not intended to be either true or logically
consistent, just an example of text that mentions dates like 22
March.)  I'll also note that I'm not a big fan of April 99,
mostly because there is no such day on my calendar.  (It is true
that people sometimes refer to periods of time such as July
2001, which you might interpret as a date.  However, for the
purposes of this exercise, we won't consider that to be valid
because it references a whole month, and we are only looking for
dates that refer to a specific day.
